tiup, tiproxy: add version flags to tiup cluster upgrade (#16917)
pingcap/docs: tiproxy/tiproxy-configuration.md

A client TLS object. It is used to access TiDB or PD.

#### `require-backend-tls`

+ Default value: `false`
+ Support hot-reload: yes, but only for new connections

> + Require TLS between TiProxy and TiDB servers. If the TiDB server doesn't support TLS, clients will report an error when connecting to TiProxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Require TLS between TiProxy and TiDB servers. If the TiDB server does not support TLS, clients will report an error when connecting to TiProxy.
```
